README.md, before:

# 🌐 web_dev_projects

This repository is a collection of **basic web development projects** built using **HTML, CSS, and Bootstrap**.

---

## 🌡️ Project 1: Temperature Converter

### Description
A simple, user-friendly web application for quickly converting temperatures between **Celsius (°C)** and **Fahrenheit (°F)**.

### Key Features
* **Two-Way Conversion:** Convert easily from Celsius to Fahrenheit, and vice versa.
* **Accurate:** Utilizes standard conversion formulas for precise results.
    * **Celsius to Fahrenheit:** $F = (C \times \frac{9}{5}) + 32$
    * **Fahrenheit to Celsius:** $C = (F - 32) \times \frac{5}{9}$
* **Responsive:** Built with Bootstrap for a simple, cross-device interface.
* **Lightweight:** A small-footprint application that runs quickly in any modern browser.
* 

---

## 🎥 Project 2: Favorite Movie Organizer
### Description
A simple application designed to help users manage and keep track of their movie collection. It provides a foundational structure for storing, viewing, and organizing their favorite movie data.

### Key Features
*   **Add New Movie:**
    *   A form component allowing users to input movie details (e.g., **Title**, **Rating**, **Genre**, **Year**, and potentially a **Poster URL**).  
    *   Input validation using JavaScript to ensure required fields are filled and data types are correct.  
*   **Display Movie List:**     
    *   Movies are displayed as visually appealing list, created dynamically by JavaScript.          
*   **Search and Filter:**  
    *   A search bar functionality to filter the displayed movies by **name**.           
*   **Edit and Delete:** 
    *    Buttons are added to **Edit** movie list  and **Delete** movie from the list.

---
## ⬇️ Installation and Setup

Follow these steps to get a local copy of the repository up and running.

### 1. Clone the Repository
Open your terminal or command prompt and run the following command:
```bash
git clone [https://github.com/lokesh-sarode/web_dev_projects.git](https://github.com/lokesh-sarode/web_dev_projects.git)

Commit message:

Update README with new project details
Added descriptions and key features for Projects 3 and 4.

README.md, after:

# 🌐 web_dev_projects

This repository is a collection of **basic web development projects** built using **HTML, CSS, and Bootstrap**.

---

## 🌡️ Project 1: Temperature Converter

### Description
A simple, user-friendly web application for quickly converting temperatures between **Celsius (°C)** and **Fahrenheit (°F)**.

### Key Features
* **Two-Way Conversion:** Convert easily from Celsius to Fahrenheit, and vice versa.
* **Accurate:** Utilizes standard conversion formulas for precise results.
    * **Celsius to Fahrenheit:** $F = (C \times \frac{9}{5}) + 32$
    * **Fahrenheit to Celsius:** $C = (F - 32) \times \frac{5}{9}$
* **Responsive:** Built with Bootstrap for a simple, cross-device interface.
* **Lightweight:** A small-footprint application that runs quickly in any modern browser.
* 

---

## 🎥 Project 2: Favorite Movie Organizer
### Description
A simple application designed to help users manage and keep track of their movie collection. It provides a foundational structure for storing, viewing, and organizing their favorite movie data.

### Key Features
*   **Add New Movie:**
    *   A form component allowing users to input movie details (e.g., **Title**, **Rating**, **Genre**, **Year**, and potentially a **Poster URL**).  
    *   Input validation using JavaScript to ensure required fields are filled and data types are correct.  
*   **Display Movie List:**     
    *   Movies are displayed as visually appealing list, created dynamically by JavaScript.          
*   **Search and Filter:**  
    *   A search bar functionality to filter the displayed movies by **name**.           
*   **Edit and Delete:** 
    *    Buttons are added to **Edit** movie list  and **Delete** movie from the list.

## 📌 Project 3: Clicks Counter
A simple interactive web app built with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript that tracks the number of times a user clicks a button. It features real-time updates, a reset function, and a clean, minimal interface. This project demonstrates basic DOM manipulation and event handling in JavaScript.

### **Key Features**
- Real-time click count display  
- Reset button to clear the counter  
- Clean and minimal UI design  
- Demonstrates DOM manipulation and event handling  
- Lightweight and beginner-friendly implementation  


## 📌 Project 4: Students Grade Tracker
A lightweight grade-tracking tool created using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Users can enter student names and scores, and the app calculates and displays the average score of all students. This project highlights form handling, data validation, dynamic table updates, and basic logic implementation in JavaScript.

### **Key Features**
- Add student names and corresponding scores  
- Automatically calculates the average score  
- Dynamic table/list updates  
- Basic input validation  
- Interactive, responsive user interface  
- Uses JavaScript for data handling and real-time calculations  

---
## ⬇️ Installation and Setup

Follow these steps to get a local copy of the repository up and running.

### 1. Clone the Repository
Open your terminal or command prompt and run the following command:
```bash
git clone [https://github.com/lokesh-sarode/web_dev_projects.git](https://github.com/lokesh-sarode/web_dev_projects.git)
